Hi, I'm Erik Hill.
I build agentic AI systems that check their own work
and keep a human on every step that can't be undone.
Self-taught, in under a year, I built an autonomous development harness:
a multi-agent loop that plans, builds, reviews, and validates its own changes to a real product.
Work moves through five stages:
Strategy, Execution, Critic, Evaluation, Ops.
The critic runs on a colder model in fresh context
so it isn't grading its own homework, and every irreversible step still waits for me.
The same discipline is public.
This board grades sixteen models across five labs on a frozen suite.
No LLM-as-judge, exact-match, so a score change means the model moved
not the test.
When one regresses, it opens a GitHub issue by itself.
Ten public repos.
Six run their real compiled code right in your browser:
a RAG eval harness, a merge gate that blocks regressions
an MCP tool server.
Plus a game live on Google Play, and a one-character fix I merged into a twelve-year-old compiler.
It's all verifiable, and one click away. egnaro9.github.io.